Copyright Assignment Agreement

Copyright (c) 2020 m-ld.io Ltd

By contributing your work to m-ld you accept and agree to the following terms
and conditions. Except for the licences granted herein, You reserve all right,
title, and interest in and to the Contribution.

"m-ld.io Ltd", is a company incorporated in England (registration number
12366979).

"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by
the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with m-ld.io Ltd.

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted
by You to m-ld.io Ltd for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products
owned or managed by m-ld.io Ltd (the Work).

You grant m-ld.io Ltd a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable copyright licence to reproduce, prepare derivative
works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your
Contribution and derivative works, on any licensing terms, including without
limitation: (a) open source licences like the MIT licence; and (b) binary,
proprietary, or commercial licences.

You also grant to m-ld.io Ltd a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell,
sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, on any licensing terms, where
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are
necessarily infringed by Your Contribution alone or by combination of Your
Contribution with the Work to which such Contribution was submitted.

You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your
employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes
your Contribution, you represent that you have received permission to make
Contribution on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such
rights for your Contribution to m-ld.io Ltd.

You represent that the Contribution is Your original work of authorship, and to
Your knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in
any invention or patent related to the Contribution. You also represent that You
are not legally obligated, whether by entering into an agreement or otherwise,
in any way that conflicts with the terms of this licence.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your
Contribution on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

You agree to notify m-ld.io Ltd of any facts or circumstances of which you
become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.